hi my name is wind to valbuena i am the
founder and mentor of like study and
you are seeing at this moment the team
ninja number 27 of trimeste I remember that
all ninja tips are videos
specials that are tips for
help you to use tries max and
you can use it like a professional
invest less time in making your
projects and your works have a
even higher quality then out of this
I will explain what this is about
ninja tip because as in the name
indicates of the video we will learn to
make wireline materials but for
that a wired material works I'm
doing this video because I have it
I asked for a lot for quite some time
I shared this project this is the photo
real I saw on the internet and this is my
recreation of the model in three
dimensions this I did I am a
original work of mine one of the
projects I liked that
I've seen on the internet I really like myself
I follow many architecture magazines and
this one I particularly loved and decided
do it in 3d because it seemed pretty
nice and I thought it was a good challenge
then this is about this
project and the photo is recreated but a
once the course of
photoshop and there's a class where
taught in the photoshop course how
make a mask show them how to create
or how to get this mesh out this image
wired and merge it with this image
to create a very special effect and
many people
how did you do this under as you did
you render as and 67 material as 17
material if you have seen the course of
study obviously when they finish the
project course exterior architecture
commercial will be able to make a result
like this one if you have seen all the courses
published in the school will know what is
the importance that I give to this guy
of white render but so far
I had not been able to teach them how to make a
render wire or how to render
wired and the process or what I plan
do with this video then I'm going to
open trimax I have the same scene
open
ok this can be done with any
project so I will not include the
files plus the files of this from
this project are included in the
prizes available at school as well
who can enter like study
dotcom bar prizes and get the
awards and help the school in the
process although he continued with the process
We will make all the materials
wired I will pay efe 4 we can see
that the project is
created here if I render did and do a
render in this case the render is going to
take a little bit because a render scan
line I do not have viceroy I do not have any
render engine activated I'm just
working with the default rendering that
comes scan line is taking a bit
because the resolution of my file is
a little big are three thousand three hundred
thirty pixels by 5000 so that's why
it's going to take a little bit but it's still
being a good render for the goal
of this class then note that it is
the render here and everything has a material
white on writing has a material
white over I will teach them to
make them a wire render the first thing
what you have to do is change the background or
the background tone of the image I'm going
to place on an almost absolute target
this is going to do that every time I
press a render
the background of the image is going to be white
I was going to make it much easier to edit it
in photoshop another tip that I'm going to
give when they are doing render
wired is that they try to have a
good resolution the larger
the largest wireframe render but more
versatile will be at the time of editing in
photoshop if your original image is 1000
pixel x 2000 then that this render
wired be 3000 by 6000 that is to say that
keep the same proportion of the
original resolution this easily what
can solve with the candadito
example if my original image has 800
pixels because the height was 1200 ok
let's suppose that this was my image
original 800 x 1200 but I will do the
Wired render good let's try to
that the wireframe render has a
Higher resolution 2500 pixel by 3.750 or
in my case three thousand 330 for almost 5,000
pixels and this proportion is going to
keep this going to be that
the photoshop edition is very much
easier because they are going to have a render
with much more pixel was going to
be clearer when editing the
now this is a piece of advice how to create
the material is very very simple we are going to
open the materials palette I'm going to
support in a new sphere and I'm going to
call wire material or material
wired
Wire material or wire material ok and
we are simply going to select the color
of what is going to be our wire in this
case I want it to be black if I display
the sphere and I see them outside I see that no
nothing absolutely nothing is happening
but the key is here to turn on this
option in the wire option when the
I'm going to be able to see all the
wired structure that conforms this
geometry
and now it's just as simple as
have the entire selection filter in the
to be able to select all press
control and to select everything that
is in the scene apply this
material think that immediately what
let's be able to see in the render forgiveness in
the video because I work all wire
because now we 're seeing it wire
and we are going to apply a render
this render again is going to take a
a little bit of time because the resolution
It's very big but you can see what it looks like
the entire wire structure of the
project and again while more
big is the project the more
big the resolution for better because
notice that there is more control over these
lines still these lines are being
pixelated a little bit so they could even
make this bigger image abuse this
option can abuse because it 's a render
scan innovates on saturating the
or processor capacity
computer processing and it's going to
allow having this wireframe render
perfect to be able to create that kind of
montages that I taught you in the course of
photoshop then I hope it serves you already
you know how to create this wireframe render
please use it to your advantage and
make these nice montages
for the sale of your weeks this is
everything for this video I hope you have them
served a very big hug and
remember to visit 23 studio dotcom there
many free courses available for
that can watch for free on one Spanish
hug very big until then and before
finish this course remember to press
the button to subscribe and support the
school visit the recommended course of
this week and the course dedicated also
the second channel shows study in
youtube and for your doubts and advice
remember that you have and have the
accounts of study costs on facebook
ah